OSDOCS-14908 changed the order in the Configuring certificates to sec… (#96171)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cert-manager-configuring-routes.adoc

----
<1> Specify the namespace where both your secret and route are located.

> . Create a `Route` resource for your `Service` resource using edge TLS termination and a custom hostname by running the following command. The hostname will be used while creating a `Certificate` resource in the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a route for your service that uses edge TLS termination and a custom hostname by running the following command. The hostname is used when creating a `Certificate` resource in the next step.
```
Suggested editing to make this more readable.
